When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Staff will ask you to move slowly to top-left, top-right, bottom-left and bottom-right.
Repeat until movement is calmer.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Use real icons or safe blank desktop space.
Staff will name a target, You moves to it and single-clicks once.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the word click.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Staff will say the target name but avoids pointing.
Move back to gesture prompts only if you gets stuck.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.